feat: Configure indenting style #263 (#354)
thlorenz/doctoc: README.md

This option also supports customising each level of the list, which can be done by using a comma separated list of symbols, i.e. `doctoc --entryprefix="-,*,+" .`.

##### Indentation Style

> Use the `--toc-items-indentation-style` option to control how TOC items are indented, i.e. `doctoc --toc-items-indentation-style space .`.

Reviewer: `e.g.` is more appropriate than "in essence" here.

```suggestion
Use the `--toc-items-indentation-style` option to control how TOC items are indented, e.g. `doctoc --toc-items-indentation-style space .`.
```

The supported options are:

- `space`:  The toc item is indented using spaces. This is the default value.
- `tab`: The toc item is indented using tabs.

> The qty of indenting used is calculated by multiplying the `--toc-items-indentation-width` with the toc level.

Reviewer: Avoid arbitrary shortening of words, and let's defer that detail to the `--toc-items-indentation-width` section, yeah?

```suggestion
The quantity of indenting is controlled by `--toc-items-indentation-width`.
```
